Hi, my name is Darek Kraśnicki
and welcome movie I will describe the situation when a person lost his Polish driving license for alcohol, our Polish beloved driving license,
but she did not make the required medical and psychological examinations and then she went abroad to an EU country.
There she made a non-Polish law from scratch and this person now wants to come back to Poland.
And will it be possible to exchange this foreign document for our beloved Polish back?
Internaut's question: "My driving license situation - in 2007 I was driving a Fiat 126p and I was stopped
to traffic control and the consequence was to retain the driving license based on the state of drunk 1.16 per mille.
Of course, a 24-hour court and a 3-year ban on moving vehicles.
I had a driving license for category B, C, C + E until then I was the driver of a truck driver for about 5 years.
Of course, when I lost my driving license, I lost my job and did not see any prospects for life, I went abroad.
There, I took a job on a construction site, and in order to develop in a new environment, I had to do this driving license again
and in 2008 I passed the exam for category B, then in 2010 I acquired the rights for C, in the current year I passed on the C + E,
or trailers.
So today I have a European Union driving license for category A, B, C and C + E.
I still work abroad, but recently I started thinking back to my country.
And here my doubts appeared.
Is it possible to exchange this driving license for this Polish document?
One of the problems is that I did not do the required psychotestes and medical examinations about which I was obliged to do
already for 2007.
But at that time I was abroad, 3 months earlier I made standard psychotestes for a professional driver
which are theoretically valid until the end of 2011.
So, I am asking for an opinion from you, thank you in advance, greetings. "
An interesting situation, although I have already met her several times and answered these doubts of the Lord.
Unfortunately, our system of central registration of drivers is already so tight that without performing backlog research
you do not have any chance for a Polish driving license.
You are so fortunate that at that time there was no exchange of information between the department of transport of this country
and the Polish department of communication - somehow you have done it right to all categories.
What to do - I would rather discourage disclosure of this driving license here, but I would suggest doing some outstanding research because it has passed
One year is yet to prepare for state exams for all exams for all categories
in the provincial traffic center, which is of course with an additional cost and it is not so easy to walk through
even professional drivers.
So here are even a few hours of extra rides in a decent driving school with emphasis typically on the WORD state exam.
Surely you will not hurt ...
Well, if you had a similar problem with your beloved Polish driving license and then foreign ones,
I can only invite you here for comments on my blog www.psychotestykierowcow.pl.
By the way, you may also be interested in using my psychotesting workshop for drivers in Wrocław
at ul. Kmicica 3, tel. 601 775 123.
I am afraid of address: Wrocław 54-514 ul. Kmicica 3, tel. 601 775 123.
I also test drivers for alcohol there.
Your Darek Kraśnicki from Wrocław spoke.
I can only say one thing: "the system is not rash but fair", let's be nice, too, because for driving a Fiat 126p
the invention of communism, it is really a shame on this EU document.
Your Darek Kraśnicki from Wrocław once again spoke.